[349] Phoenix app non-gov, non-mil user accounts have an option to verify at IAL2 level (#1611)
GSA/Challenge_gov: docs/login_gov.md

The two files (cert and private key) must exist in the root of the app codebase.
In this case the private key should not have a password.

> The private key and cert should match whatever is required for the `client_id` defined in the `config/dev.exs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The private key and public cert files should match one of the public certs configured on the login.gov environment identified by the `client_id` in `config/dev.exs`. Existing key and cert files can be found in the Challenge.gov Google Drive.
```
